feat(sdk-verification)!: Implementing DIF Presentation exchange protocol 2.0 for SDK to SDK OOB verification (#196)
input-output-hk/atala-prism-wallet-sdk-ts: docs/sdk/interfaces/Domain.Pluto-1.md

[@atala/prism-wallet-sdk](../README.md) / [Exports](../modules.md) / [Domain](../modules/Domain.md) / Pluto

# Interface: Pluto

[Domain](../modules/Domain.md).Pluto

> Pluto is a storage interface describing storage requirements of the edge agents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pluto is a storage interface describing the storage requirements of the Edge Agents 
```

> which will be implemented using this SDK. Implement this interface using your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implemented in this SDK. Implement this interface using your 
```

> preferred underlying storage technology, most appropriate for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preferred underlying storage technology most appropriate for your use case.
```

#### Defined in

[src/domain/buildingBlocks/Pluto.ts:113](https://github.com/input-output-hk/atala-prism-wallet-sdk-ts/blob/f8f2652/src/domain/buildingBlocks/Pluto.ts#L113)

___

### getPairByName

▸ **getPairByName**(`name`): `Promise`\<``null`` \| [`DIDPair`](../classes/Domain.DIDPair.md)\>

Retrieve a DID pair by a given pair name.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type |
| :------ | :------ |
| `name` | `string` |

#### Returns

`Promise`\<``null`` \| [`DIDPair`](../classes/Domain.DIDPair.md)\>

#### Defined in

[src/domain/buildingBlocks/Pluto.ts:118](https://github.com/input-output-hk/atala-prism-wallet-sdk-ts/blob/f8f2652/src/domain/buildingBlocks/Pluto.ts#L118)

___

### revokeCredential

▸ **revokeCredential**(`credential`): `Promise`\<`void`\>

Revoke a Credential

#### Parameters

| Name | Type |
| :------ | :------ |
| `credential` | [`Credential`](../classes/Domain.Credential.md) |

#### Returns

`Promise`\<`void`\>

#### Defined in

[src/domain/buildingBlocks/Pluto.ts:153](https://github.com/input-output-hk/atala-prism-wallet-sdk-ts/blob/f8f2652/src/domain/buildingBlocks/Pluto.ts#L153)

___

### start

▸ **start**(): `Promise`\<`void`\>

> Pluto initialise function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pluto initialize function
```
